The Joe Rogan experience, the,
the Tik TOK craft or tic-tac craft tea,
contact talk. Can't can't get away from that word. The tick tech craft, um,
that was spotted off San Diego.
It performed something spectacular in terms of its ability to go from the
surface of the,
of the water to 60,000 feet in how long?
Uh, less, uh, less, less than a second, but there's actually more to it. There,
there was a craft.
Remember I was talking with commander Fravor before this was public. Yeah.
There was a craft under the water to the tic-tac would
drop from 60,000 feet is what they're saying 60 to 80,
but that's the scan volume of the spy one radar.
So everybody I've talked to said they were coming from above.
They were coming from outer space,
dropping down within a second and stopping on a dime
and then making the movements, commander, Fravor song public inside of a glass.
Then he said to me in our first talk ever,
I'll never forget this because I'm talking to a fighter pilot and I got to talk
fighter pilot, man, I don't, you know, and he says to me,
it noticed me and I go, what do you mean? It noticed you? And he says,
as I was descending rapidly to engage it,
it turned its nose and began to intelligently mirror.
My movements came right up by me and he says faster than you can
see, like, you can't even see a bullet, leave a gun. No, it just,
bam shot off. He goes, we don't have anything like that. I wish we did.
We don't whatever propels that is not a reactionary propulsion system.
Meaning it's not pushing something off the back to get it to go forward,
like fire and explosion. It's a field proposal.
Yet.
Like anything else we know you've got to have something going back to go forward
rockets. We're still using the same ones for back in the day.
This thing instantaneously without effects of inertia can move
now.
And that distortion that's exactly how Bob described these things would work
or do work in his opinion. So commander Fravor got to see it now.
And these incursions, by the way, look, there's stuff.
George reports on there's a lot. He doesn't as a filmmaker myself,
people tell me stories all the time. These incursions, it's not a rarity.
These are happening to this day. I just heard about one in Guam,
incursions over high security airspace over
our weapons systems. And in Guam, there was just recently an incursion,
the Pantex facility with the igloos where we hold our nuclear weapons and stuff
like that. There are incursions over these. So to George's point,
the reason why maybe all of this is secret is not because we can't handle it.
People flip out.
Maybe we just want to make sure we get this tech first because it's a game
changer.
Now let's talk about the people that have tried to debunk this and why they're
off because they've made some debunking claims about
some of these videos and about the technology that was used to track these
things. That's incorrect, where they don't,
they don't really understand what they're debunking. Right? So please,
please explain that because that's one of the things that people are immediately
going to go to. They're going to go well,
make west has already debunked it and I've read the stuff that he says.
It's mental gymnastics.
To try to explain it the way he's explaining it.
Without recognition of the fact that these things were actively blocking radar.
These things were actively blocking tracking systems.
These were physical crafts. This is not like a bird. No.
Or so a lot of the wacky theories that he has, like I wonder, you know,
it's real weird like that a smart man can make such really
bizarre conclusions. Very weird.
Almost like someone wants him to do those.
Sure. I mean, look,
it's so exciting that that we're seeing something and the government saying,
okay, these are UFO's. We have not identified them.
They have propulsion techniques that we don't have. And we're not,
we're just talking about the video. Let's.
Talk about the debunking. Okay.
Talk about the debunking and what his claims are in the debunking.
Okay. So one that I recently like, you know, attacked,
cause it was so ridiculous is he was saying that the go fast video,
which is this, you know, object that goes along, uh, in a straight line,
one of the three videos that was released, he said w was probably a bird.
That was his first theory. Pull up the go fast video. Yeah. I mean,
I recently went deep into talking with, uh,
Boeing experts who, who work on these FLIR putts.
They're telling me how they work, what they can capture.
Why would a FLIR pod is, uh, for, uh, for looking infrared.
So basically on fighter planes, you have a camera.
So here's the video, we're pulling it up. We're sure.
That it's mounted.
And it's essentially recording in thermal imagery. These things are,
this is not Instagram.
These things are weapons systems that are highly trained to be able to
accurately represent a spatial awareness and to be able to
target, you know, enemy combatants. That's this is not an,
an iPhone and Instagram. These are weapons for us. So out of the three videos,
if we just look at this one,
although I like the tic TAC one with commander Fravor,
and I liked the gimbal one, those are awesome.
This one gives us very little information,
but the idea that this would be a bird.
If you talk to anybody that uses these pods, you don't,
you can't pinpoint on a bird.
You can't lock a weapon system on a fricking bird.
Well look how fast it's going to. Well, here's,
what's so interesting is everybody can debate.
So this is where it's locked in on it. Right?
So the weapon system is locked in on this thing and it's tracking it now.
Right. And they got real excited when they locked it. Cause it's,
they said boxed a moving target. Right? So here's the deal though,
at anything I could say about video.
Cause there's not a lot of information in there.
What I can say is that object you're seeing is colder than the surface of the
ocean.
Now I looked up the surface of the ocean temperature at that location at that
time, because we had the information, it was like 65 degrees,
what propulsion system. So, okay. So a bird,
a bird is about a hundred and let's say five degrees like a seagull,
a seagull is, can go maybe 15 miles an hour. I don't know how fast they can go,
but they're they wouldn't, they wouldn't be colder than the ocean.
They'd be hypothermic and dead. It cannot be a bird because this,
what we're seeing is a colder object. Then the surface of the water,
that's why you're seeing it white. And how fast is it going?
That's under debate there there's different, um, interpretation. Yeah.
So I'm, I'll give you one interpretation about, you know, 240 miles an hour.
Some people say, and then they can argue, well,
the fastest bird in a nosedive could go that fast backup.
We have an object that is colder than the surface of the ocean that
immediately gets rid of the bird theory because a bird would be hypothermic and
drop like a paperweight into the water. It cannot fly at that.
So that's the piece of information I would attack that debunking.
With this video when you're watching that, if it is going 200 miles an hour,
that's not outside of what's possible with,
with spacecraft or aircraft or, or just planes. Right, right.
But it's cold. I understand that. That's pretty cool. But it is.
It's very interesting, but it's not moving anywhere near as fast as the tic-tac.
No, no, no, no. This is just something,
because this is part and George can tell you,
this was part of a much bigger series of events.
So like the gimbal craft itself, that's another debunking thing. They said,
it's a plane banking away and you're seeing it through thermal. First of all,
talk with the pilot. Not, so.
Yeah, this is the gimbal. The gimbal is pulling it up right now.
And how fast is this thing supposed to be going? You.
Know, the speed from what I recall, wasn't registered on the, um,
on the radio. It's not that it's going fast. If you talk with the pilots,
it was rotating.
It was spinning like a top end for like 11 hours without refueling. I mean,
the thing was just sitting out there. This was not, uh,
this is an occurrence that happened over a course of many, many weeks.
Now when it rotates like that,
the debunking theory is that you're seeing a plane bank.
So as if our military doesn't know what another plane is,
other planes look very different when you see them through thermal,
this thing was self rotating. And I just did an interview.
And how fast is this? Or rather, how warm is this thing supposed to be?
Is this supposed to actually be hot?
I, I am unaware because you're looking at it through thermal, right? Yeah.
I'm unaware of the specifics of that one when it comes to heat.
All I know is that it is self-actualizing,
it is not something that is a glare or flare of a heat signature,
making it look like it's turning the actual craft is self-actualizing.
And what is.
That halo around it?
That's just an artifact of the, of the FLIR Thermo. It's not.
The premise that, uh, the U S government would tell you, all right, look,
we're going to release these videos. Reluctantly,
Lou Elizondo is the guy that got them released.
And then the U S government formally released them a couple of months ago.
The idea that the us government would release it.
The Pentagon says these are unidentified. The, and you know,
if it was a bird or a, uh, a jet engine, uh,
the pilots would not have the kind of reaction that they had that you can hear
on the audio. Our government does not tell, uh, members of Congress,
the Pentagon doesn't go to the Senate intelligence committee,
show them those videos and say, um, yeah, it's unidentified, if it isn't.
And you know, the reaction of the pilots, uh, that the fact that they would,
were forced to release it,
to begin with suggests that it really is unidentified.
Why, and they've addressed it. Why do you think that they have, uh,
addressed the fact that they're studying these things?
Why not just continue to not.
I think they were forced to, uh, and, uh, some props to Tom DeLonge.
I know you guys had a pretty spirited conversation when he was here,
but he created an organization. Um, Lou Elizondo,
who ran that program came forward and brought with him. Those videos.
I saw them two days after, uh,
Lou Elizondo stepped on a stage with Tom and said I was in charge of the
program.
He and Chris Mellon have been sort of the engineers of getting that story into
the New York times. That changed everything. As I said,
the last two and a half years, um, everything has turned on its head.
The New York times covers the story. The result is other media covered as well.
They've been ignoring it forever. And,
and th and that allowed people who keep these secrets,
that pressure meant that people in Congress started asking questions. Uh,
two days after the story came out, I interviewed Senator Harry Reid,
who was the one who got the money to create that program. That became a tip.
And he said his phone had been ringing off the hook from other members of
Congress who are now suddenly interested.
I didn't know those a program they're telling him,
how do we learn more about this?
It started a series of closed door briefings on Capitol hill that continued to
this day, the pilots like Dave Fravor were hauled before Congress,
first in front of the staff of the Senate intelligence and then Senate armed
services. And then the elected members, these,
these senators who get briefed on it,
and they were impressed and they wanted more pilots to come in.
So it's been going on for two and a half years and two weeks ago, no, excuse me.
About a month ago. Now, the culmination of it, Senator Marco Rubio.
Who's now the chairman of the Senate intelligence committee drops this bill and
it's the budget for the intelligence budget for next year.
And he includes a UFO provision in there. We want,
Congress wants to have a mechanism set up or where we get regular briefings from
the Pentagon on UFO's, that's an astonishing change of events.
It's because of the media pressure and then congressional interest. It made it,
um, more acceptable for everybody to pursue the subject matter.
It's kind of out of the shadows and the Pentagon has reacted in fits and starts.
So sometimes as they said to the New York times, that program ended,
had nothing to do with UFO's. Uh, at first they said it did,
then they said it didn't they've admitted. Lou Elizondo worked on the program.
Then they said he didn't. Um, they said that the OSS app,
which is the other program, the mother program, uh, that became a tip that,
that had nothing to do with UFO's what it did.
So they continue to sort of lie and abuse, gait, and muddy the waters.
But the fact is that there's too much momentum from media and Congress and the
public, uh, to hide this anymore.